{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs96 \cf0 Welcome to Moono! \

\fs30 Built using Unity 2020.3.29f1\
\
The period positive game for all. Play by dragging the planets away from one another to avoid collision!\
\
\
Please navigate to tik Tok : iz_creates_zy. A channel I made to document my learning process throughout creating this! LINK : https://www.tiktok.com/@iz_creates_zy\
\
\
Please note this game is a WIP, the artwork and functionality is not finished yet.\
\
I was able to continuously test this mobile game using the Unity Remote 5 application and plugging into a computer. Whilst on the application on your phone, click Play in the Unity engine, and the game should run on your mobile. \
\
There are two scenes, MainMenu and Game, but unfortunately the button linking the two does not work yet. Please navigate across MainMenu to Game in Assets/Scenes in order to see both. \
\
Some latest improvements I have made whilst developing: \
The target position originally was 0;0 coordinates, but quickly I realised that this does not suprise the user at all. They always know what is coming. Hence I have adapted this to a range of  2 > x > -2, equally for the y variable, hence the user is kept on their toes. Making the game hence more fun and engaging. \
\
This is a work in progress, I have not been able to make my colliders work properly yet hence unfortunately when the planets do collide, only a console log appears in the console rather than the game stopping. I have been debugging this due to the fact that the planets seem to be able to overlap, which the Rigibody2D should\'92ve not allowed to happen. I will carry on debugging this as the highest priority issue for the next iteration. }